---
title: "MacBook Pro"
date: 2022-03-09 18:00:00
author: "Benjamin Lu"
categories: [ "apple", "macbook-pro" ]
---
Ever since the latest MacBook Pro 14" M1 Pro was introduced, I have been saving up $100/month so that I can purchase the base model and today, it finally happened, I purchased the base model at $1,999 and I only paid $560 tax included. The first thing I noticed is it has HDMI output aand SD card slot. Okay! I lied, I knew but it was good to see some basic outputs on a MacBook Pro and personally, I really like it so far.

What I like about this MacBook Pro is that there is no more touch bar which is something I barely use when I had my MacBook Pro 13" 2020 and the screen of of course is slightly bigger and to me it is perfect size for my daily use. I was planning on getting the 16" but I feel like it might be too big and probably heavy as well and I think that's the only reason why I didn't go for it. 

The base model I ended up getting is the 512GB with 16GB at $1,999 but again, I only paid $560 and for that reason is I traded in my MacBook Pro 13" (2020), MacBook Air 13" M1 and two iPhone Xr. I think the total trade in value was around $1,500. So that's why I got this machine for $560.

The current software I use on this machine are as follow:

* Google Chrome
* Microsoft Edge
* Mozilla Firefox
* Opera
* Microsoft Excel
* Microsoft Outlook
* Microsoft PowerPoint
* Microsoft Word
* Affinity Photo
* Discord
* Docker
* Slack
* Spotify
* Terminal
* Visual Studio Code